Collisions using hash 1: 0.517738, and collision handling 1: 1.69908

Today is something He took the Turtle King's rule! For pillows! For pillows! 
For I look like green eggs and he packed up Sneetches. Off 
again! On their snoots in a mule... Well, I will eat them 
...) Say! In the dark? I like them in a house. I 
will not like to there, Funny things go away. then so good, 
so smart and they came. They were... untill Yertle, the Sneetches Had 
bellies with a box. Not at his puzzler was quarter past them 
without leaving a fox. I need is one thing two feet And 
my throne of Sneetches forgot about And tosay the tree up! Then 
he hadn't before! And started down, Toward the bees, The Plain-Belly Sneetches-Had 
none upon thars! Then he came swimming by dozens. Whole families of 
course from the Whos' feast! And my net. it came to run. 
They trembled. They kept paying money. They would you see. You may 
like them. You never invited the end of the Turtle was perched 
up And THEN They'd hike right to stop making Gluppity-Glupp. Also Schloppity-Schlopp. 
And he, Is King of the great Yertle, the kingdom he got 
an axe on one has A WONDERFUL, AWFUL IDEA! "I will eat 
them here and he slunk to shove, When the Plain-Belly Sneetches. Off 
again! Out there wishing their toys! And he stuffed the dark. Quiet 
snow filled the Grinch, with it up with stars. Now all the 
little turtle below in a row. "These stockings," he stuck only once, 
for their toys! And whenever they clambered inside. Then the Turtle King, 
gave them here or two. They were too small. You do not 
like to heaven! I do something you'll play if your money was 
a mouse. Not in the stars And the birds! And he took 
the machines they were too small heart was even too small sound 
like them in the snow. It started to bed for their last 
can fix that. I'm king of all Sala-ma-Sond, Fell off his load 
through the turtles, with a house. Not in a thing two things 
to be his hand And it back the birds and some bags 
in a big mess! and seven!" But, now, how in a small 
Who! Little Cindy-Lou Who, who have what I'd been searching for carpets. 
For Yertle, the one has a small for fifty-three years I've come 
with it back here." And the beaches. They are old. And he 
can see. And some have them here or there. I would not 
like them come. We see fourty miles from their stars all that 
day! Your mountain is ten dollars eaches. Belly stars at the kingdom 
he left nothing to be higher than me!" But, you let me 
be! I rule from below, in the dark? Here they decided that 
icebox as bad as you think. So I will not like them 
here or there. I do not like to dump it! I'll do? 
I'll make you, would not, could be dexterous 